Dokka Gradle plugin doc update (#4354)
orangy/dokka: docs/topics/dokka-get-started.md

Apply the Dokka Gradle plugin (DGP) in the root build script of your project:

```kotlin
plugins {
    id("org.jetbrains.dokka") version "%dokkaVersion%"
}
```

**Document multi-project builds**

When documenting [multi-project builds](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/multi_project_builds.html),
you need to apply the plugin to every subproject you want to document. Share Dokka configuration across subprojects 
by using one of the following approaches:

* Convention plugin
* Direct configuration in each subproject if you’re not using convention plugins

For more information about sharing Dokka configuration in multi-project builds, 
see [Multi-project configuration](dokka-gradle.md#multi-project-configuration).

**Generate documentation**

To generate documentation, run the following Gradle task:

```bash
./gradlew :dokkaGenerate
```

This task works for both single and multi-project builds.

Run the `dokkaGenerate` task from the aggregating project by prefixing the task with its project path. For example:

```bash
./gradlew :dokkaGenerate

// OR

./gradlew :aggregatingProject:dokkaGenerate
```

Avoid running `./gradlew dokkaGenerate` without a project path (`:`),

> as Gradle tries to run all `dokkaGenerate` tasks across the entire build, which may trigger unnecessary work.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I interpret this section correctly.
* The first example has just `dokkaGenerate`, but the second one has both, and I'm not sure what's the difference.
* The second example shows both the simple and a prefixed command, but then we say not to use the simple command.

Should it be structured like "To generate for a single-project build, run dokkaGenerate; to generate for a multi-project build, run dokkaGenerate to trigger such tasks across the entire build or specify a project path to only trigger a specific project"?

Reviewer: Yeah, that's exactly it, I missed this tiny difference :) the clarification should work.

You can use different tasks to generate output in [HTML](dokka-html.md),
[Javadoc](dokka-javadoc.md) or both [HTML and Javadoc](dokka-gradle.md#configure-documentation-output-format).

> To learn more about using Dokka with Gradle, see [Gradle](dokka-gradle.md).
{style="tip"}

</tab>
<tab title="Gradle Groovy DSL" group-key="groovy">

> This guide applies to Dokka Gradle plugin (DGP) v2 mode. The previous DGP v1 mode is no longer supported.

> > If you're upgrading from v1 to v2 mode, see the [Migration guide](dokka-migration.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To upgrade from v1 to v2 mode, follow the [Migration guide](dokka-migration.md).
```

}
```

**Document multi-project builds**

When documenting [multi-project builds](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/multi_project_builds.html),
you need to apply the plugin to every subproject you want to document. Share Dokka configuration across subprojects
by using one of the following approaches:

* Convention plugin
* Direct configuration in each subproject if you’re not using convention plugins

For more information about sharing Dokka configuration in multi-project builds,
see [Multi-project configuration](dokka-gradle.md#multi-project-configuration).

**Generate documentation**

To generate documentation, run the following Gradle task:

```bash
./gradlew :dokkaGenerate
```

This task works for both single and multi-project builds.

Run the `dokkaGenerate` task from the aggregating project by prefixing the task with its project path. For example:

```bash
./gradlew :dokkaGenerate

// OR

./gradlew :aggregatingProject:dokkaGenerate
```

Avoid running `./gradlew dokkaGenerate` without a project path (`:`), 

> as Gradle tries to run all `dokkaGenerate` tasks across the entire build, which may trigger unnecessary work.

Reviewer: Same comment as for the other tab.
